---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fal Provider"
description: |-
  
---

# fal Provider

The fal Terraform Provider is used to interact with resources supported by fal. The provider needs to be configured with the proper credentials before it can be used.

Using this provider, you can automate the provisioning and management of your fal infrastructure. Today you can dynamically create fal apps, configure them, and delete if necessary. We expect to add more resources to the provider later.

~> **Warning**
This provider leverages external binaries, which are required for it to operate. This can sometimes violate many of Terraform's assumptions (i.e. this provider will not work in HCP Terraform), so resources here are best used with care.

## Prerequisites
You will need to [install uv](https://docs.astral.sh/uv/getting-started/installation/) into your Terraform host environment.

If you're running Terraform in GitHub Actions, an example of this might look like:
```yaml
name: Example

jobs:
   terraform-uv-example:
      name: python
      runs-on: ubuntu-latest

      steps:
         - uses: actions/checkout@v4

         - name: Install uv
           uses: astral-sh/setup-uv@v6

         - name: Install terraform
           uses: hashicorp/setup-terraform@v3
      
         - run: terraform init
```

## Authentication
To start using the fal Terraform Provider, you need to authenticate with fal:
1. Create a fal key by logging into your fal account and going to [https://fal.ai/dashboard/keys](https://fal.ai/dashboard/keys). This token should have permissions for the operations that you plan to do with Terraform provider. We recommend the `ADMIN` scope. More details are available in the [fal documentation](https://docs.fal.ai/model-apis/authentication/key-based).
2. Set the environment variable `FAL_KEY` to the token you have created.
3. Add fal to your list of required providers
    ```terraform
    terraform {
      required_providers {
        fal = {
          source = "fal-ai/fal"
          version = "~> 1"
        }
      }
    }
    ```
4. (Optional) Alternatively, you can also specify the fal key in the provider configuration directly. This is not recommended and risks secret leakage should the file ever be committed publicly.
    ```terraform
    terraform {
      required_providers {
        fal = {
          source = "fal-ai/fal"
          version = "~> 1"
        }
      }
    }
   
    provider "fal" {
      fal_key = "<fal key here>"
    }
    ```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `fal_key` (String, Sensitive) fal's authentication key. Can also be set via the FAL_KEY environment variable.
