---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "fal_app Resource - terraform-provider-fal"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  App resource
---

# fal_app (Resource)

App resource



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `entrypoint` (String) The app deployment entrypoint
- `git` (Attributes) Configuration block with settings for fal's app deployer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--git))

### Optional

- `auth_mode` (String) The app auth mode.  Defaults to `private`.
- `strategy` (String) The app deployment strategy. Defaults to `rolling`.

### Read-Only

- `name` (String) The app's name
- `revision_id` (String) The app's revision id
- `created_at` (String) The timestamp for when the app was created
- `updated_at` (String) The timestamp for the last time the app was updated

<a id="nestedatt--git"></a>
### Nested Schema for `git`

Required:

- `url` (String) URL of git repository to bootstrap from.

Optional:

- `branch` (String) Branch in repository to use with deployment. Defaults to `main`.
- `http` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--git--http))
- `ssh` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--git--ssh))

<a id="nestedatt--git--http"></a>
### Nested Schema for `git.http`

Optional:

- `username` (String) Username for basic authentication.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password for basic authentication.
- `allow_insecure_http` (Boolean) Allows HTTP Git URL connections.
- `certificate_authority` (String) Certificate authority to validate self-signed certificates.


<a id="nestedatt--git--ssh"></a>
### Nested Schema for `git.ssh`

Optional:

- `username` (String) Username for Git SSH server.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password for private key.
- `private_key` (String, Sensitive) Private key used for authenticating to the Git SSH server.
